You are watching and listening to the
Electronic Intifada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report for day
902 of Israel's genocidal campaign in
Gaza. It's day 27 of Israel and the
United States war against Iran and it's
day 20 for of Hezbollah's defense of
South Lebanon against Israel's
annexation plan. Much more on that later
in this report. I am reporting this on
Thursday the afternoon of March 26.
Things are moving fast quickly, of
course. Um but I'll be covering the
fourth week of the war and the fourth
week of the war will always be the
fourth week of the war. So, here we go.
Let's take a look at the maps off the
top. Straight of Hormuz, of course, uh
in the news. A lot of talk about Kharg
Island uh that the US is going to uh
that the talking head generals say the
US is going to occupy that island.
Tomorrow put a nice little arrow in here
for us to show you where that island is
up on the uh northern shore. That's Iran
to the north. Um that's the Persian Gulf
that you're looking at and you're
looking at that tiny island. Um the
island uh Kharg Island isn't it's not an
oil um it's not an oil field. It's an
oil terminal. It's where they ship the
oil from.
So, it's not entirely clear what the US
uh strategic benefit um of that is other
than to shut down uh global oil supply
which doesn't seem to be what they're
interested in doing considering how much
Trump uh manipulates the markets by
telling them what they want to hear. But
any case, when you look at that island
up there in the top and then you look
down in the bottom right corner of that
map, that's the Strait of Hormuz.
And the US with the most advanced
warships in the world are too scared to
run the Strait of Hormuz um with those
warships. Um but they're they're
seemingly planning uh to land uh
forces on those islands to hold those
islands. I mean, the same reason they're
not putting a ship through there is the
same reason uh why they will get
hammered if they're on those tiny
isolated islands. Um they'll be sitting
ducks, not only from coastal fire, um
but from fire inland. There's fast
boats.
Um a lot of talk about the navy being
destroyed is fraudulent because the key
part of the IRGC navy
um is their fast boats, missile capable
fast boats that are deployed from in
those rocky uh shorelines um that are
not being touched by these uh US strikes
saying that we've knocked out the entire
uh navy of Iran. They've knocked out
ships that were tied up on the shore, um
but the most strategic uh weaponry that
the Iranians have is all in place. And
when you look at that map and the the
gradation, the over watch
um Iran has over this tiny body of water
where um 20% of the world's oil uh comes
out of, um you can just see how uh
far-fetched, I think. We won't predict
again. We're saying we're not going to
predict. Uh the war can always escalate.
Uh armies can always do dumb things. Um
the US is uh of course has a long
history of doing dumb things and losing.
So, we'll see uh how this goes, but I
just wanted to show you that map uh off
the top. Um let's look at number two cuz
the this is uh CENTCOM's map. They use
the Central Command, the US uh
uh body in charge of operations in the
Middle East. This is the map that they
show, which makes it all look a little
clearer uh and maybe a little easier to
uh to digest, but um
again, you can see the tiny area. It's
Iranian coastal waters all through
there.
Um
virtually, it's only a small sliver of
it that is not uh Iranian coastal
waters. Um so, Iran has sovereignty over
this area, and they have for 4,000
uh years or so. So, um that's the uh
Strait of Hormuz seen from CENTCOM.
Let's take a look at this map from the
New York Times cuz we get a little
different angle of it here. And again,
you can see the neighboring countries.
You can also see if we start from the
left and go up, you see the UAE, you see
Qatar, you see Bahrain, too small to
even have its uh name written on its
island. These are very vulnerable places
that we know, we've watched for the last
uh 27 days of war. They're extremely
vulnerable. They're very close. Look it
up. If we continue up to the top, you
can see Kuwait. Kuwait has been hammered
um during this war. US bases in Kuwait
were a major order or a major node for
United States expeditionary planning for
the entire uh like last 40 years, right?
Since Desert Storm.
Um they've built up uh significant bases
in Kuwait, and those are all being
hammered, they're all being evacuated.
The troops are not on those bases by and
large because uh it's too dangerous
because they're getting pummeled every
day. Um and you can see this map shows
the shallow waters, and that's what I
was saying about the previous map that
it didn't the CENTCOM map doesn't show
you the shallow waters. It doesn't show
you how skinny the strait actually is
um because of those shallow waters um
and territorial waters. So, I think
that's a good map. You can see the uh
the gradation of the land that gives
overwatch for everything that Iran does
and
uh militarily in that strait. So, the
there's going to have to be a
negotiation on the Strait of Hormuz. I
don't pre-
I don't see the US um
putting warships in there to uh
facilitate transfers. On previous
programs I've told you about how they
simply did not have enough to do that.
Um so now they're talking about a Marine
Expeditionary Unit and the 82nd Airborne
coming and what are they going to do?
Airdrop them onto those islands? Um that
doesn't seem like a good military
strategy. Although I've noticed that on
American media networks the generals
seem to really like this plan. go to the
next map.
>> [laughter]
>> Cuz this is the the this is where how
they explain if you look at it at the
top there it says small islands could be
seized by US Marines, experts say. So I
don't know if they know that they're
going to be occupying those islands that
are so small that they don't even show
up on this map. They didn't show up on
the map that CENTCOM put of the Strait
of Hormuz. So they're small enough
islands that they don't appear on those
maps, but they're going to put a bunch
of US troops on those islands uh on the
low-lying land. Sun Tzu always said
don't fight uphill. Uh and that's
certainly what they would be doing. I
think he would probably say don't fight
on tiny isolated islands as well. But I
don't think that uh um he got to that
analysis, but it's it's just it it
doesn't seem like a plausible military
strategy unless
um
utter defeat is what the US is going
for. Let's take a look at number four.
Um because as this has been happening
uh Iran has been already making the
strait uh useful. Okay, what this map
shows you even more the gradation. So
you can see how the firing positions,
that's Iran to the north there, you can
see the firing positions that Iran has
down into that strait and compared to
the defensive um positions that they
have compared to the Americans being out
on those islands just um in the middle
of the sea
It just seems like a very uh unlikely
military pursuit. But,
Trump may send them there.
So,
I guess, you know, the other thing is
they don't have to always fire from the
coast. I think the US is trying to make
the justification that if you bomb all
along the coast, that there won't be
missile firing capabilities along the
coast. But, that doesn't matter. The
those exact same capabilities can be
fired from inland. And in fact, it's
those anti-ship capabilities that have
the USS Lincoln a thousand mi a thousand
kilometers off the shore of Iran because
it's afraid of those same weapons. And
then they're saying that those weapons
will be used now at like literally
hundreds of feet or, you know,
a few kilometers. So, you can just see
that this doesn't all add up. But, as
the last week has passed, Iran has taken
the initiative to deal with the Strait
of Hormuz on their own terms. And they
we can see that in the next map. They
have opened up
what what we're what they're calling
what is being called in maritime
analysis is being called the Tehran toll
booth.
And you could see that ships have begun
to move for the first time. I showed you
maps in the previous shows where ships
were not moving at all. Some Iranian
ships were moving, but now we're seeing
for the first time over this weekend
three days over the weekend. We saw 16
ships move through this new system which
brings them right up into territorial
waters
in between the two sheltered islands
there. And essentially, that is the way
that they can check out the ships to
fairly judge who is enemy or not because
Iran has promised that the Strait of
Hormuz will be dealt with as a wartime
condition.
The enemy, the aggressors uh, are not
profiting off of their war on Iran by
using Iranian territorial waters, um, to
move their to move their oil. So, that
is something that Iran has been clear
on, but now we see Iran taking the
initiative to get, uh, oil to market,
um, and to deal with the impacts that
are going to be felt and are being felt
all over the world because of the
US-Israeli aggression. Um, and Iran is
handling that, uh, in their way by
opening up this, uh, this toll booth
path, um,
let's look at the next slide.
Okay, we're talking, uh,
uh, air defenses here. This is a, um,
there was a few high-profile air
defense, uh, operations last week when
we were on the show, it broke, uh, while
we were on air that, um, the Iranians
had, uh, hit a US, uh, Air Force F-35,
the first time an F-35 has been touched
in battle, um, some debate about whether
it was shot down or, uh, the whether the
vernacular should be shot down or, um,
damaged, but either way, I think, uh,
what we're talking about is the hitting
with air defense systems of Iran,
um, the most stealthy jet, uh,
fighter jet, um,
and the first time that that jet has
been hit. Um, they've also, uh, we know
from previous reports that three F-15s
were shot down by Kuwaitis,
um, they lost, uh,
another F or they we were we're going to
watch flares be fired on a near miss
from another F-15. They've lost a dozen,
they've admitted to a dozen, uh, Reaper
drones being lost and an additional one
was lost when a ballistic missile strike
hit Muafaq al-Salti airbase in Jordan,
which I reported on in in first show
telling you that they had all these
assets stacked up on individual on
certain bases so that they can defend
those bases um instead of having them
spread out over all the bases and
Muwaffaq al-Salti in Jordan was one of
those bases where everything was so
close together um and a ballistic
missile strike took out a Reaper. The
Israelis admit to 20 drones being taken
down and we know that these systems to
take down the drones um uh were used in
Yemen when the Yemenis um during the
battles on the Yemeni front took down 25
US uh Reaper drones. Um and the US only
operates 225 Reaper drones. So, you take
the 25 that they're surely underselling
to us. Uh you add the 25 on the Yemen
front and um they really dig into the uh
Reaper supplies of the US. So, um this
is from Air and Space Forces Magazine. A
US Air Force F-35A pilot was uh suffered
shrapnel wounds after their aircraft was
damaged during a combat mission over
Iran on March 19th, people familiar with
the matter told uh Air and Space Forces
Magazine. The aircraft later made an
emergency landing at an airbase in the
region and the pilot is in stable
condition. The IRGC said a strategic
F-35 fighter jet of the hostile American
army was hit and seriously damaged by
advanced new air defense systems of the
IRGC Aerospace Force at 2:50 a.m. over
the skies of central Iran. The The
The Iranians say the fate of the fighter
jet is unknown and under investigation.
That was their report at the time of the
strike. Um
So, let's take a look at that strike cuz
we have footage of that here next.
Um so, you can see the the jet in uh IR
uh in infrared lock here. You can see
the missile hit um the back of the plane
and you can see the plane continue on
but you see it continue on with two
streaks of red from the single engine
fighter jet. So it's clearly damaged and
the shrapnel wounds to the pilot I think
tell us
all we need to know about that and this
is not a one-off. I mean we even know
back from the Yemen front during the US
war on Yemen
the 50-day war that US pilots were in
missile lock multiple times and it in
close
quarters evasion
of
air defense missiles during that battle
and so Iran has much more considerable
air defenses so this is not a surprise
that this is happening
the day after this
F-35 was shot down the Israeli said that
an Israeli Air Force jet came under
anti-aircraft fire over Iran. The
military says the crew acted according
to procedures and no damage was caused
to the aircraft. So the Israelis are
saying that this has happened many
times. Previously they said no Israeli
fighter jet has been shot down though
pilots have come under anti-aircraft
fire numerous times. In one case the
fighter pilot was very close to being
hit is how the Israelis reported it. We
have a second one here of an F-35 and
we're going to watch here if you watch
in the bottom left there was a missile
that went through just missed it and
we're going to see a second one come
from the bottom right
to the upper left. You're going to see
it miss
again but you got infrared lock on these
on the the F-35
Strike Eagle here.
And this operation
there goes the second missile that
missed it and you're going to see it
dump flares here for the third missile
that comes in. So
um this they were all over this jet. You
see it there. That's the first missile
miss, and then you'll see in about 10
seconds from the bottom right to the
upper left, um
clipping the bottom left of the box, uh
you'll see the second
uh projectile file fire through. Um and
these are part of Iran's integrated air
defense. They have several different
systems There you saw it again. That was
it. And now it's going to dump flares.
Dumping flares is to try to throw off
the um
thermal tracking of the um
of the missile. So, significant. And
then yesterday there was another one
from uh civilian um
uh
from civilian cameras that showed um an
F-18 being clipped uh from the ground.
And CENTCOM came out and denied the
claim. They said, "False. The Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps announced a US
F-18
uh was struck over um over central Iran
using a new advanced air defense
system." What is true, according to
them, is no US aircraft has been shot
down by Iran. So, they just said
answered a question that wasn't asked.
Um nobody said it was shot down, but it
was clearly clipped. Um I'll bring you
that footage next week uh once we have
that verified and understand what we are
looking at. And the systems that were
brought it down, we take a look here um
at number 10 at um at the Majid system.
This was uh some discussion about
whether this was This is certainly a
drone killer system. Um but they the
Iranians have their own indigenous uh
air defense systems. Like all of these
systems under sanctions for a generation
two generations, under sanctions they
have to be self-sufficient and build
their own things. So, they build clones.
And you're looking at this system is
built on the back of a uh of a clone of
a Toyota chassis. So, um Iran building
from top to bottom their own things. We
know that they use man portable shoulder
fired systems. I showed you during the
Yemen front they use the track based uh
the track launcher for the uh 358
missile. Those were drone killers. They
also have the 359. Um, [snorts] this
Majid system is a short range low
altitude system. Um, there was some talk
that this may have been uh the system
that got the F-35, but I think we're
going to see in a minute the one that
actually did. But the Majid is a passive
uh short range air defense system. And
passive means that it doesn't have a
steady radar signature all the time. And
the way US fighter jets um work is they
suppress radar by uh identifying enemy
radar and suppressing it. So, if the
Iranians don't have that radar on to not
allow it to be targeted, and they wait
in an ambush essentially in a guerrilla
style ambush. They pick an area where
they believe uh you know, through
intelligence, that the fighter jets will
go. Maybe it's to high value targets.
And they set up an ambush with multiple
systems in that area. And when the jet
approaches, they fire up the radar so
fast, launch the missile 1 to seconds,
um and then they turn it off again. And
you can see with the truck there, they
can scoot out of there
um to prevent um
counter battery fire. So,
uh this is a a really useful system.
This system is for sure killing drones.
Um,
uh I don't think that this is the system
that uh ended up getting the F-35 um
because Iran sort of tipped their hand
the other day. But there's one more shot
of the um of the Majid working here. Um,
you can see it launching its missiles.
And the uh the
uh the Israelis said that they've
destroyed 85% of Iran's air defense and
detection systems, which is absurd. It's
not close to the number. Uh it's an
entirely made up number because they
don't know the number uh, that they
Iranians have. So, you have 85% of an
unknown number. Uh, but it sounds good
when you're uh, telling your people why
um, when you're trying to leave the war
and you want to claim victory. Um, so
this Majid system again, top to bottom
indigenously made Iranian system. Um, we
look at the next system here. They have
larger systems. These are more
long-range uh, systems. Um, but they
operate the same way uh, passive radar.
Um, so their radar's not on at all
times. They click it on um, when the uh,
fighter jet comes into the ambush zone.
Um, and launch. If we look at the next
one, this is what it the Iranians
suggest that it was. This is the Khordad
15. Um, it was launched in 2019.
And we know that only because the
Iranians implied it. They didn't
actually say it, but they showed a video
um, of the uh, IRGC Aerospace Force
Commanders underground in a massive
underground facility with that was
stacked from floor to ceiling on both
sides with interceptor missiles. Um, and
then they showed this truck uh, buried
in this uh, uh, underground system as
well. And then at the end of that video,
they put up a bunch of clips of the uh,
F-35 from the news from newspaper
reports. So, they're suggesting that it
was the Khordad 15. Um, but any those
systems working together including
shorter shoulder fired um, can hit. Uh,
but of course, these massive systems are
much more effective. Um, and and that is
what Iran means by integrated air
defense system. It's both the IRGC and
the um,
Iranian army that are um,
uh, carrying out the rather than the
Israeli model and the American model of
creating a total umbrella um, the way
that the integrated air defense system
works. It's not for every plane at all
times like Israel and the US is are
but it's set up in these ambush styles
where you have multiple overlapping
systems that can communicate with each
other and fire multiple
multiple of them can fire on the same
system and that's what we saw with that
F-35. So we'll keep following this
there'll be more cuz this is just the
beginning of
of knocking these
of touching these fighter jets because
as the war goes on the patterns become
more predictive the intelligence becomes
deepened and remember that Iran has
watched the US in Afghanistan and Iraq
for an entire generation studying these
things so and they have been prepared
for this war as we all know. So let's
take a look at the target maps here cuz
we're going to move on to the Iranian
strikes.
These maps
of the main areas that are targeted of
course Bahrain has the fifth fleet the
naval command for central command Qatar
has Al Udeid airbase
Prince Sultan airbase in Saudi Arabia is
where they have concentrated forces
that's where one missile hit the runway
and took out five KC-135 strategic air
refuelers.
You can see the dot in the middle of
Jordan there is Muwaffaq Salti airbase
where they are also concentrated and
then more forces are concentrated at Ben
Gurion for the Iranians part just to
touch on the human rights situation the
head of the Iranian Red Crescent Society
said on Tuesday that the
US and Israel had targeted 17 centers
affiliated with the Red Cross across the
country 94 ambulance and relief vehicles
were directly targeted
the deputy head of Tehran emergency
said that the US and Israeli terrorists
had attacked 21 ambulances, 23 emergency
bases and a 26 in the first 26 days of
the war. The deputy health minister said
190 medical centers were damaged or
destroyed, 12 hospitals have been taken
out of service, 190 health and medical
centers have been damaged due to
American Zionist attacks, and 12
hospitals, as I said, have been taken
out of service. So,
typical typical Israeli war. Go for the
hospitals. And use human shields on your
own side, which we will see coming up.
According to Haaretz yesterday, Iran has
fired 460
at least ballistic missiles at Israel.
And at least as many more, 600
plus in the Gulf.
Along with more than 4,000 drones at
this point. So, this map shows you where
those bases are. Some of those bases
are, and again, in Kuwait, there's
multiple bases that are being hammered.
Constantly.
So, let's take a look at the number 16
here. This is
part of the way that Iran has evaded air
defenses is by launching these drones,
and they launch them in
and attack the same area as the
ballistic missile. Attacks are
targeting. We see the first fighters
here that we have seen so far in the war
this week. They showed up. We have a
couple clips of them in There you see
the canister launched multiple launch
Shahed drone system. Here you see a
fighter counting down. He's saluting the
martyrs. Qassem Soleimani, of course,
gets a significant shout-out in this
countdown. And then he's going to launch
from this canister multiple drone
launcher. Here.
And the idea is to hit in waves. Um
So, the Iranians said in this operation
by ready and steadfast units of the IRGC
Navy, six support hangers of the
Americans in the Al Al Udeid base were
struck by loitering munitions and cruise
missiles and some equipment of the
Patriot air defense system stored in the
hangers were completely destroyed. So,
they use uh the multi-layered attack uh
with these drones and these drones have
been very effective. They're very
accurate. Um and they require fighter
jets or $5 million interceptors to shoot
them down. Either fighter jets firing
Sidewinder missiles that are like uh
half a million dollars each. Um They
fire multiple of them. Um
or they fire millions of dollar
interceptors at them
uh in order to try to knock them down.
So, let's take a look at number 17 cuz
this is the wave. Um They were now up to
the 82nd wave as of uh yesterday. Um
These are waves 60s through 66 through
78 that happened last week and you can
see them all. Um we're seeing the
Khorramshahr, the Fateh, Fateh, Ghader,
Imad, if you're keeping track at home.
Then four straight Ghaders, Khaibar
Shekan. You're going to see a drone
mixed in. This is my edit uh of all the
operations. Um So, you're seeing
basically all of the missiles being used
uh in these launches. Um And this week's
targets were Dimona. A lot of targeting
of Dimona. Um which is where Israel's um
nuclear research and nuclear weapons
program research um institutes are and
those were targeted because of the
targeting of civilian uh nuclear
facilities uh in Iran.
Um [snorts]
And these waves targeted Ben Gurion
Airport that we see all the time. Haifa
has been targeted every day. Um and
Israel is getting about 15 of these
barrages each day,
um, spread out throughout the day, but
sometimes, um,
sometimes clustered together. Yesterday,
there was 15, um, in just over a
12-hour, uh, period of time, according
to the Israeli Defense Forces.
Um, there's the single drone,
um,
and now we're back to, uh, ballistic
missiles.
There you can see there, the Ghader,
um, and it's the going to be the Ghader
that you're seeing there, that is going
to hit, uh, Dimona.
Um, and those are the the ones, there's
a Khorramshahr 4, um,
being launched. I think that's a
Khorramshahr 2, there's a whole series
of those, and that could carry a two,
um,
a two, two-ton warhead, so a
significant, um,
a significant missile, and their most
recent missiles. Those are the Fattahs,
you can tell the Fattahs cuz they have
the low trajectory,
um, and the solid fuel, um,
uh, like white smoke solid fuel coming
from behind them, that's how you can
identify them.
You can also identify them by their
warheads, which are slightly different.
Um,
but this is just to give you a sense,
this is what, this is every video that
we saw this week since you last saw, uh,
you last saw me, although they have been
communicating in some of these videos.
Um, there goes a Fattah there.
Um, that you can see.
Um, significant missiles with, um,
warheads that range from 750 kilos to,
um,
yeah, like to to the two-ton,
uh,
Khorramshahrs.
That's another Fattah, again, you can
always tell those.
Um, and those are, they travel at
hypersonic speeds, Mach 16 in flight,
and Mach 5 in its terminal phase.
They're very difficult to intercept
because of that speed, they can also
alter their course in mid-flight, which
means that if you're tracking them from
long-distance radars and attempting to
hone your
your closer radars using the
the early warning radars,
the early warning radar will pick up the
trajectory and in the second stage,
the missile will move, which will
completely change the radar signature
that is coming into the close-in radars
that Israel is using. Um
uh up around
for for frontline
operate for frontline interceptions.
So, let's look at the
let's look at number 18 here. This is a
Ghader, a Fattah, and an Emad that were
launched towards Dimona on the weekend
and we'll show them going out here and
then we'll show them coming back in.
Worth noting, The Economist wrote up the
costs of the interceptors. Um they
believe that
at least 150 Thad interceptors, those
are the the high-altitude interceptors,
the most expensive. They could be up to
30 million a unit. That 150 have been
used so far in the first few days
and when they used 150 in the last True
Promise 3,
that was said to be a quarter of US
stocks. So, it sounds to me like they're
well below half of their
total inventory now, only 2 weeks
into the 3-week 4-weeks into the war,
but this is only covering the first 2
weeks. The cost of replacing the first 4
days worth of munitions was 26 billion
dollars. America's thought to have used
300 Tomahawk cruise missiles in the
opening day, but the Pentagon had
planned to buy just 57 in this coming
fiscal year. There have been no delivery
of Thad interceptors since 2023 and the
Pentagon has not placed any new orders
this year.
According to the Economist, a puny 39
interceptors were slated for delivery in
20 uh 27, 6 years after they were being
ordered. So, they're using these
munitions that they cannot replace uh
that will not be replaced for many, many
years and significantly weaken the uh
air defense systems of the US, of
Israel, and of US allies uh all over the
world, not just in the Gulf, um
although they had taken the Patriot
batteries from other places in the world
um and dropped them uh into the Middle
East after uh radars were destroyed.
Let's take a look at number 19. It's
going to have audio. Um this is the
missile incoming into Dimona.
So, that's one of the better uh camera
angles that we have seen for sure. Um
you know, it's we're relying on people's
cell phones, so when people catch them
on their cell phone and do a good job
um it's always uh
I always give them a nod because it's uh
uh there we got a lot of terrible ones,
so and um
so, that's on Dimona. Um there's a
second strike on Dimona, also audio in.
Let's play that.
So, that's a 750 kilo warhead hitting uh
Dimona and the nuclear research, aiming
for the nuclear research sites um uh
associated with Dimona, and we have one
more that came in um in Arad, which is
just a little bit south um
and this next one here you'll see with
no audio pretty significant strike
again. Um you know, we've been showing
you a lot of mister missiles with
submunitions,
um but these are are heavy warheads
hitting that have uh significant blast
radiuses in the, you know,
scores of meters, if not hundreds of
meters, of um
of destruction zone. And on this one, um
on this these weekend of hits on Israel,
um the Qassam Brigades spokesman Abu
Obaida spoke up on Dimona, "We view with
immense pride the powerful missile
strikes carried out by the uh by Iran's
Revolutionary Guards this evening
targeting areas deep within the criminal
entity.
Um this enemy understands only the
language of force and responding to a a
blow with two and making it the price uh
making the price a heavy price is what
will force Israel to stop its
aggression. Without that, it will
continue to rampage and target Arab and
Islamic nations one after another."
Um so, that's I think a fairly accurate
statement by Abu Obaida. Um let's take a
number let's take a look at 22 here
because this is the submunitions coming
from the Qiam Shahab 4, as I've shown
you a number of times, but look there in
the right. That is uh Iron Dome
interceptors that are you can see
they're having a really hard time
understanding the assignment here. Um
this is the first time we have seen the
Iron Dome used against the submunitions,
and you can see um they are
uh flailing. I don't know if that's a
military term, but they are flailing.
Look at they're going back and they
change directions to go the opposite way
as the missiles uh all fly by them. So,
uh doesn't appear that the Iron Dome uh
is up to the task, judging by these uh
images. You can see the bottom there the
right two that almost bounce off the
wall there.
Um
those are the uh Tamir interceptors. Um
And you can see the missiles just flying
all by there.
Um number 23 here, we're going to see
one of these interceptors fall in into
Haifa. Okay, right in the downtown
Haifa, which is what Israel and Trump
always accuses everyone else of doing,
firing rockets uh that hit their own
people, even though they never show
footage of that actually happening. Um
but here, we've seen a bunch of these. I
just thought I'd bring one uh to show
you. It's a pretty clear one. I mean,
the other day uh on the Lebanon front,
Israel shelled uh uh
uh kibbutz on the border and killed an
Israeli um firing five shells of
friendly fire.
Uh but you can see the Tamir
uh interceptor crashing down in front of
That's a taxi driver just sitting there
in his car.
Um and let's take a look at this next
one cuz this is um
number 24 here, we're going to watch um
Bahrain and the US um send a $5 million
interceptor
uh into a neighborhood in Bahrain. Do we
have that, 24?
So, yeah, there you go. $5 million
interceptor uh fired directly into the
community in Bahrain. Uh the Middlebury
Institute
um confirmed that this was uh a PAC-3
launched from a Patriot um and that um
60 residents were damaged and 30 people
were wounded. They're from the
Middlebury Institute. But in an ex post
on March 9th, the day that this
happened, US Central Command denounced
Iranian and Russian news reports that
said the incident was the result of a
failed Patriot, calling it a lie in
Trumpian all caps, and said that it was
an Iranian drone, which you can see here
it clearly wasn't. Um and even after
this report came out, Bahrain spokesman
doubled down
um, and said that the any suggestion of
a factual of a malfunction or misfiring
Patriot in Bahrain is factually
incorrect. Uh, so you just watched uh,
something that the Bahrainis believe did
not happen. Um,
one of the joys of reporting this war
filled with lies. Um, okay, let's take a
look at number 25. So, this is the this
is Israel and the US using Tel Aviv as a
human shield. Um, this is uh, track
flight tracker data of KC-135 strategic
air refueling aircraft. It's these
aircraft up in the air that allow the
fighter jets to stay up in the air,
allow the fighter jets to get the
distance they need to get to Iran. Um,
without these uh, this war could
straight up not happen. Um, and you can
see the the amount of travel uh,
just this just one example of a window
um, that you can see the flight path and
um, it's just really remarkable.
Obviously, they're uh, this is always
what they do, project the things that
they do and say everyone else does them.
Uh, firing missiles on themselves and
using uh, Tel Aviv um, as a human
shield, using a civilian airport um, to
to host these uh, KC-135s which I showed
you on the first report about the build
up to a war. Um, when we saw them on the
runways um,
uh, at Ben Gurion, we saw scores of them
all lined up uh, using a civilian
airport. So, when we look at 26,
um, this is Iranian Army Arash 2 drones
and they're pointedly saying that they
are firing these at Ben Gurion Airport.
Um, and these are uh, uh, they're drones
um, but they have a pilot. They can be
um, navigated with a pilot down onto
their targets. They're almost cruise
missiles.
They carry fairly heavy payloads and
they're
they can cover the ground to Ben Gurion
and so we're seeing that pop up in their
field reports constantly every single
day that they're targeting Ben Gurion
with drones and missiles and of course
also part of this operation was target
Rafael Industries Israel's defense
manufacturer. And one of the most
important defense technologies
um
outfits in the regime and of course it
uh
produces the Iron Dome David's Sling
anti-missile systems among others
and so targeting the um
industrial base of the Israeli military
with these strikes. Let's take a look at
27 and move to Iraq because we also have
Iraqi resistance operating on the Iraqi
front launching these Shahed 101 drones
that you're seeing here launched and
this is just a single group's
operations. The Iraqi resistance has
executed more than 500 operations since
this war started
but this one particular group Guardians
of the Blood Brigade
they have targeted um
Iraqi These are the targets Iraqi
Kurdistan they they target Erbil in
Iraqi Kurdistan where the US has
multiple bases
53 drones and two missiles at Iraqi
Kurdistan Camp Victory base in Baghdad
at the Baghdad Airport 25 drones and six
missiles
in Syria nine drones and two missiles
Saudi Arabia 11 drones
11 drone operations Jordan 19 drone
operations against Muafaq al-Salti and
also at US positions in Kuwait eight
operations
so that's significant. And this next
one, 28, a little bit of ingenuity here.
We're seeing a Peugeot launched multiple
launch rocket system.
So they brought this right up to the
gates of Camp Victory
at near the Baghdad Airport and launched
from the trunk of the Peugeot
multiple launch rocket systems,
which
I mean, it's an effective way to get
them up to the front door. Nobody
thought that that was a rocket launcher
while it was driving into the site. And
there's one more there that you can see.
Obviously,
the car burns when you fire rockets out
of it. But that's the
just a notable operation in Iraq that I
wanted to show you.
Creative.
Now let's take a look at Lebanon.
I think this is a really important front
that we need to be focusing on.
Israel's plans are very clear that they
want to occupy all the way up to the
Litani River that you can see there is
all the pink area
in the south. They have evacuation
orders to the to the river to the north
of the Litani, but they're going to
create, they they say that they're going
to create they're going to annex this
territory. They call it a buffer zone,
but they're intending to annex this
territory
including the major
city of Tyre, Sur
in South Lebanon, Nakoura's a
and
a big city as well as Bint Jbeil
is of course famous for the battle in
2006. So uh
we can see on this next map that where
Hezbollah's operations were yesterday,
they carried out 90 plus operations
over the 24 hour window and you can see
them concentrated there. And where these
concentrations are are where the
Israelis made positions after the
ceasefire. There's five positions um,
that Israel made, One on the coast there
in Naqoura where you can see, um,
getting hit. Um, there's one in the
middle area there that you can see
getting a lot of, uh, attention as well.
And then up in the Galilee panhandle, if
you follow the Galilee panhandle up, um,
you can see that there's three positions
along there and they're attempting to
move ridge by ridge. Um, this map has,
um,
the, uh, the contours of the land so you
can see, um, the fighting is happening
now on the third ridge. And this is the
ridge that the Israelis would have, uh,
taken in the previous battle, but they
were repelled by Hezbollah. And as you
can see by a single day's operations,
um, that they're being repelled, uh, as
well right now, um, at the beginning of
this war.
Um,
yeah, we can look at the next, uh,
slide. You can see they celebrated this.
They celebrated 87 and then they went on
and carried out eight more operations,
um, before the night, uh, closed. Um,
but they fired on 21 Merkava tanks,
three, uh, D9 armored bulldozers, two
Humvees,
um, and their operations were focused
60%, uh, or sorry, 60 of the 87
were, uh, inside, uh, of Lebanon. So
targeting Israeli troops inside of
Lebanon, but also 34 operations, uh, in
Israel. And so far we've seen about
50/50 split between those, uh,
operations. But yesterday was definitely
focused on the soldiers that are now
moving into Lebanon. There's five
divisions of the IDF, um, in, uh,
moving into South Lebanon right now,
um, which could amount to something like
100,000 troops if it's a full complement
of each division. It's not clear that at
this point that that is what it is, but
they are five divisions right now on the
border. This, um, mocks this poster um,
that the resistance released mocks
Benjamin Netanyahu saying this is this
This is no longer Hezbollah itself. We
pushed their capabilities back decades.
And I mean, you could have picked any
number of
comments from Netanyahu saying that they
had defeated Hezbollah. They clearly
have not. Hezbollah has carried out 811
operations in the 24 days since they
joined
the battle. So, let's take a look at 31.
Um,
This is the Qasmieh bridge, a crucial
bridge on the coastal road. You can see
they're destroying This is Israel
destroying it.
They've been attacking the bridges. They
attacked
something like 10 of the 18 key bridges
just in the first day.
And they're going to continue to
attacking these bridges. Um,
Israel's defense minister said that the
bridges Hezbollah,
which I'll comment on in a minute, but
he also says that he's instructed the
army to accelerate the destruction of
Lebanese homes in the line of contact
villages. So, the villages in South
Lebanon
to thwart uh
threats against Israeli communities in
accordance with the model of Beit Hanoun
and Rafa in Gaza. So, they're going to
destroy everything in South Lebanon. And
to say that the bridges were Hezbollah
is interesting because Hezbollah
there's a a saying in South Lebanon
where people say everything is Hezbollah
down here, even the rocks. And it's an
allusion to Hezbollah using
rock decoys
as IEDs or as listening devices that
look like rocks
but are actually resistance fighters.
And so, to hear
Israel's defense minister who knows
nothing about defense and is just a
lackey for Netanyahu
say that the bridges are Hezbollah is is
uh
made me think of that. And now let's
look at 32. We can see an ambush of uh
Merkava tanks here. We're going to see
them from far away. I talked to you
about this last week about why there's
not cameras up close um because of the
distance that the troops are from each
other, because of the landscape of the
land. We're looking at thermal imaging
in the middle of the night here, and we
see six tanks being uh shown in red. Um
you're going to see those tanks get
fired on there. Um the first one fired
on. Three of them are hit here as we
watch it unfold. Um you can see the
thermal there on those two clearly being
hit um and burning.
Um there again from a different angle of
the two burning. Um this was part of a
larger operation where six tanks were
hit in 90 minutes um around 1:00 a.m. um
last Thursday morning. Um and the
thermal imaging shows the three burning
tanks. And at the end here, you're going
to see um well, there you see more of
the burning tanks, but you're going to
see soldiers um dismounted running away
um presumably because their tank's not
uh the best way to uh move through the
territory as it's burning, clearly. Um
and that's what we see
uh on this. We're going to see after
this burn, we'll see the soldiers.
You'll be able to see them running
uh fleeing the battle space uh without
the tanks
on which they rode in.
There you can see that There's the
soldiers moving. You can see their
little heads.
Uh
You can see their little heads running
there, particularly in this the one
that's second from the right. You can
see the soldiers running
uh because they have lost their chariot.
Uh
pun intended. Okay, um
let's look at 33 cuz we have an
anti-tank guided missile strike against
a D9 bulldozer, again at distance.
Um it
the fighters aren't uh at this point,
although we did see fighters with
RPG-29s
um
in in Israeli propaganda footage of uh
of a position that they overran and
found weapons, and one was an RPG-29.
Um but you can hear you can see here the
D9 armored bulldozer that we're so used
to uh in Gaza uh being hit and will be a
factor. There you see it being hit, and
there's smoke coming up. Um these D9s
presumably will be playing a role in
Lebanon if destruction is really the
Israeli intention, but Hezbollah has a
lot more sophisticated and deadly
anti-tank uh
weaponry than uh Qassam had in Gaza, and
we know how the the D9s fared in Gaza,
not super well. Let's go to 34. Um this
is a concealed launcher. Um
you know, people say, "Oh, well, uh the
Israelis can see everything in South
Lebanon." I mean, they clearly cannot.
That's how you execute 90 operations in
a day.
Um but you can see these fighters,
they're fully concealed here in the
bush, in the mountains, um using the
landscape like proper guerrillas uh to
their advantage um and firing from these
concealed uh spaces, which make
counterfire um
a lot more difficult. So, again, these
guys are launching Grad call them Grad
rockets uh naming them after Russians. I
mean, the um Lebanese call them
Katyushas, but these are Iranian
rockets. We're watching Iranian weapons
being used in this battle um from Iran
uh through uh the Iraqis, and of course,
Hezbollah as well.
Um so, that's how they conceal um
and uh Hezbollah has launched 3,500
rockets since this in the last 24 days,
which is more than they were that were
launched in the July 2006 war, and more
than 700 of the rockets as of a week ago
were fired from south of the Litani. So,
they're firing rockets
from south of the Litani at Israeli
positions on the along the border of
troops that are attempting to advance
into
Lebanon. Let's look at 35 cuz you see a
tunnel-based drone swarm attack here.
When Israel saying that they have
knocked out 95% or 90% and they make up
these numbers,
they don't know how many there are.
They don't know where these tunnels are
and these tunnels are stocked with
weaponry. In this case, we're seeing
Shahed drones
or Saeed 107s in the Hezbollah
lexicon.
And you can see them in a fully
full underground
system tunnel network system that
connects to bases to
to rearming
where fighters can be safe
to plan these operations. They come out,
they're concealed, they're coming out
in the forest and launching these drone
attacks. And these drone attacks are
accurate and they're hitting Israeli
bases. This is against an Israeli base
in the upper Galilee in the upper
Galilee, the Alexandroni
Brigade base is being hit with these
drones. So, sophisticated capabilities
and also just a show that there is more
behind what we're seeing right here.
Let's look at 36 cuz um
Hezbollah's pulled out the short-range
tactical ballistic missiles. We're
watching the missile launcher truck
here. We're driving with them
to the launch site. So, not only are
they not being seen, but they're
literally driving trucks um
with launchers on the back. Um and there
you can see uh Hashem Safieddine and um
Nasrallah and uh Naim Qassem, the
leaders uh of Hezbollah.
Two assassinated and the current leader.
And this is the launch of a Fateh-110.
This is a precision-guided ballistic
missile um with a 500-kg warhead. These
are devastating weapon. They're very
accurate. And they are what Iran used to
devastate the Gulf uh um
when the Gulf uh
when
when Iran's
uh
gas field was targeted and they
responded, they used these Fateh-110
ballistic missiles and they were not
they were not able to be intercepted by
the PAC by the Patriot missile defense
system and that was said over and over
by um
by analysts of uh from those particular
countries that they were clearly
missing.
Um okay, one more 37 here is um this is
a another Fateh class. You can see there
in Haifa. We're going to a secret base.
This base is classified. It doesn't
exist. Israel doesn't say it exists, but
here Hezbollah puts it on a map for you
and then hammers it with uh precision uh
guided Fateh 110
uh ballistic missiles. Could be a Fateh
360. We haven't actually seen the full
dimensions of it, but uh Hezbollah
hadn't had Fateh 360s before. They have
had Fateh 110, so um if they do have
360s, they uh that's the first time that
the that we've known them to have them.
Uh but these look like 110s to me.
Um they there's very little difference
between the two observable.
Um
Atlit Naval Base that is being targeted
here is the home of uh Israel's tier one
special forces, their naval commandos
Shayetet 13 or Flotilla 13. These are um
Israel's heroes who sack hospitals and
take pictures of it in Gaza. Um they are
the hospital sackers. That was their job
all throughout the Gaza genocide. Sack
hospitals, take pictures inside. Um and
many of the doctors um
disappeared and haven't been um heard
from since.
Um that's their tier one special forces.
That's that's what that's that's what
they do. Um let's look at 38
um because we're seeing a Fattah again
being launched um against a Israeli
drone command base uh east of Safed in
then upper Galilee. Um we're also going
to see a Pava cruise missile which is um
one of the cruise missiles that was used
in True Promise um one, two, and three
when uh Iran fired them. So, a lot of
Iranian weapons here with Hezbollah as
we have long known.
Um and they um
on the cruise missile after they launch
it, you're going to see um the face of
the martyr here. Um he's a mujahid
engineer uh Ahmad al-Musawi and he was
killed in 2024 in the previous round of
war. There's the Pava cruise missile
turbojet engine uh extremely accurate,
can be steered while it's in the air to
get it on its target. Um a significant
weapon to that are being fired at these
bases. They're hitting the bases and
we're not hearing anything about it in
Israel.
I think that there is censorship right
now in Israel beyond what we have um
ever known um to happen in Israel.
We still do get um
some of these videos um for sure when
they hit cities, but out in the bases,
it's a little more difficult and that
will be Well, they took the satellite
images away from us, so we can't use
satellite images to see
the damage and that was of course the
whole point.
Yeah, one more rocket operation
that's I think I just bring you a
cross-section of operations, but this
one is is remarkable. You can see them
loading up the Grad rocket launcher,
multiple rocket launcher. That's putting
the fuses on them.
We saw that happen in Gaza as well with
the rocket artillery. They're going to
launch these through this launch
panel and then look at this Nasrallah
banner blowing in the wind as they um
as they make film and make a film for
us. This is a film of the resistance and
Hezbollah does a really good job
of this, of course, as Hezbollah is the
founder of this military media operation
because they knew that Israel lied so
much that the only way you could
show your your your successes is to
record them. It was Hezbollah with VHS
tapes that started this process
and here they are um
doing it um
in these wars and they're giving us more
footage in this war than we see than we
saw in the previous rounds. So,
intending to show us as much as they
can.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay, one more number 40. The last one
here is a
man portable missile
surface-to-air missile shoulder fired.
You're going to see him tracking a
Hermes 450. The Hermes is a Elbit drone,
but it's slow, it's low
and these Iranian um
anti-surface-to-air missiles,
anti-aircraft missiles
are going to do a number on the drones
for sure and Iran also has the 358,
which is what took down the Hermes 900s
in the previous rounds. There you can
see the drone falling
to pieces. And the Misagh is made by
Shahed Industries, the same industry
that makes the drones.
And so you're seeing the Iranian
indigenous
military industrial complex
functioning on all these battle fronts
of the resistance axis.
And it's significant that Hezbollah is
fighting this furiously
to change Israel's war plan in South
Lebanon. Israel has wanted the Litani
River to be its border for
most of the existence of the state of
Israel. So this has been the resistance
report for day 902
of Gaza of the genocide in Gaza and day
of Iran's resistance to the US Israeli
attacks on them.